By using all or any portion of the software, you are agreeing to be bound by
all the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to any
terms of this agreement, do not use the software.

License Agreement
This is open source software and we only ask that you quote the papers
referenced below and that electronic documents additionally include a direct
link to the official CSELab web page.

The Koumoutsakos group at ETH Zurich (from here on referred as the CSELab),
agrees that above LICENSEE uses the SOFTWARE for scientific, non-profit and
non-commercial purposes only. SOFTWARE shall mean all SOFTWARE provided by
CSELab, including any derivatives thereof. The software is intellectual
property of CSELab and all rights, title and interest, including copyright,
remain with CSELab.

The LICENSEE will not copy, distribute, reproduce, manufacture, alter, sell or
sub license the SOFTWARE. The SOFTWARE will be used in accordance with all
applicable laws and regulations. Any other use or exploitation (including
distribution or sale) of the SOFTWARE requires the prior written permission of
CSELab, which may demand compensation from the LICENSEE.

Nothing in this agreement shall be construed as granting any license under any
intellectual property right vested into CSELab or any right to use the SOFTWARE
or any CSELab information other than herein expressly specified.

The LICENSEE including any of its workers, co-workers, students or other
persons who may have access to the SOFTWARE or related information agree not to
transfer, transmit, distribute or in any other way disclose the SOFTWARE or
information about its algorithms and/or implementations to third parties
without prior written consent of CSELab.

In any publications resulting from research done under the use of the SOFTWARE,
the LICENSEE will properly cite either party's contribution. Any report or
publication of results obtained with the SOFTWARE will acknowledge its use by
stating that SOFTWARE was developed by the Koumoutsakos group (CSE Lab), at ETH
Zurich. Any published work that utilizes the SOFTWARE shall include at least one
of the following references:

1. Rossinelli D., Hejazialhosseini B. , Hadjidoukas P., Bekas C., Curioni A.,
Bertsch A., Futral S., Schmidt S.J., Adams N.A. and Koumoutsakos P.,
11 PFLOP/s simulations of cloud cavitation collapse,
Proceedings of the International Conference on High Performance Computing, Networking,
Storage and Analysis (SC '13), 2013.

Electronic documents will include a direct link to the official CSELab web
page.

Proper citation is essential to continued ETH Zurich funding, as it is a
primary way in which we demonstrate the value of our software to the scientific
community. Thank you for your attention to these details.

The CSELab does not assume any responsibility for the SOFTWARE and the use of
it. CSELab will not assume any liability for damages or loss of data occurring
through the use of the SOFTWARE. CSELab does not guarantee the suitability of
the SOFTWARE for any application. The LICENSEE will hold CSELab harmless for
any claims on damages or loss of data which occur during the LICENSEE's use of
the SOFTWARE.

CSELab does not guarantee that the SOFTWARE does not infringe any third party's
intellectual property rights (including copyrights, patents, patent
applications, publications or any other type of intellectual property right).
The LICENSEE has to acquire on his/her own all necessary licenses and
permissions for the use of the SOFTWARE if not otherwise agreed in writing.

In case the SOFTWARE is or will be under the physical control of the LICENSEE
before this agreement is signed, CSELab gives consent to the use of the
SOFTWARE under the condition of the LICENSEE's prior consent to this agreement.

This agreement is subject to Swiss law and ETH Zurich regulations. Place of
jurisdiction is the Kanton of Zurich.

